hello how about friends my gratitude them
speaks once again his friend
welcome to this second video of
gift for more than 5 thousand
subscribers as you know they are going to be 5
videos in total and good then in this
occasion I come to bring you this subject that
they see on screen that I had prepared for
all of you
and well let's start in the
video description english
carl here this file once they have
downloaded and right extract here is going
to leave this folder here we are going to
find the theme folder
and another extras folder here
that allows us with our windows
be thus transparent 'the universal'
patch what it does is give you permissions
to our windows 7 so you can
apply these kinds of topics as well
you see it on screen
well here I leave the operating system of
64 bits and 86 light operating system
better known as 32 bits and you do not
they know what operating system they have
can right click any of the
two and run as it administers under
let's see that yes
here ok
and here we will get that box no
will you specify what kind of
windows we have in this case 64 bits of
that I have at this moment and good
Well in this case I chose this one time
that you have the right one we give you
yes and as you see here I already have
patched the three of you the park
chan and the paper that you restart on your pc ok
well here in the folder re source
this what it does is that at the moment of
apply our subject we change it
that is is now also explore them
frame
and here this side is we put
well back 40 equal to the subject because
generally this was totally
white and those letters were lost but with
this will be much better
Well, I've also left what I
are these icons of this nexus bar
Well, I'll prepare them for all
you to combine much better
with this topic and good for those who do not
you know
what bar is this in the description
of the video I'm going to leave the video that
I did explaining the installation of this
nexus bar and also the skins that
I have currently using this
bar
good for you to watch this video
for people who have not seen it ok
and he has also left the pack
compact yesterday for those who do not know that
Yes, as if to silence those of us
allows us to change the icons
of our whole system and well then in
this case I have left this pack
in the description of the video will leave
the video where he explained the installation
of the program and the installation of these
packs so you can have your
pc to the same style the good theme once
have done the above
let's move on to the theme folder
let's copy these two files
well then we're going to start at
team
to the local treasury if we go with a folder
call windows
here we use another call red source
here on topics and here we are going to paste those
two files will ask us for a permit
of windows and let's say what or what
good one of them have installed
what is the theme to apply the theme
we can give you right click on
customize or we can go to the start
in the control panel and if you do not
it appears like this we give it in category for
that they get a little better
and we give in changing themes
and we search in this case the subject
and we install
in this case is this good for you
you see that it applies totally
as you see it on the screen
let's apply the windows theme the
that comes with our computer the
predetermined for you to see that
the theme is perfect
and well, as you can see, it's the one
our computer and we're going to apply the
that we just installed previously
in this case it is this
Y
and good as they see drying
absolutely everything and I'm going to show you
more or less how will their subject be?
on your pc and if you are going to see the menu
start
the Windows
i
and well, as in all my subjects
I also left 3 excellent wallpapers
as you have always liked this
kind of wallpapers and well for
see them we are going to give you the right in the
next writer background
and well, as you can see they are full hd and
They combine perfectly with the theme and
good friends I hope this topic has
been of your total pleasure remember
rate and rate the video for
that those not invited
to subscribe and they will find
excellent videos and well then there's no
favorites that helps a lot and
well nothing after me I do not feel anything else
for this video we will be seeing in
another next video that are very well